README.md, before:

# Wuddle - WoW DLL Mods Manager

Wuddle is a desktop app that simplifies WoW DLL mods management, primarily for the Vanilla 1.12.1 client. 

It gives a user-friendly GUI for adding mod repos, checking updates, installing/updating files, and it supports adding multiple instances of WoW.

<img width="1120" height="805" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/698f2f7b-0c4b-49be-8aa3-177431fad1de" />


## Features

- Multi-forge support:
  - GitHub
  - Codeberg
  - Gitea
  - GitLab
- Quick Add list for commonly used Vanilla 1.12 mods
- Custom Git URL support for any DLL mods not included in the Quick Add section
- Multiple WoW instances/profiles, each with its own tracked mod list
- Allows Enabling/disabling mods via `dlls.txt` entry toggling
- Optional GitHub auth token support to reduce anonymous API rate-limit issues

## Important Note (SuperWoW)

SuperWoW is known to cause antivirus false-positives on some systems.

Wuddle shows an in-app warning before adding SuperWoW from Quick Add so users know what to expect.

## Supported Builds

- Linux: AppImage
- Windows: portable ZIP (`Wuddle.exe`, no installer)

Commit message:

Revise README for feature details and SuperWoW warning
Updated README to clarify features and warnings regarding SuperWoW.

README.md, after:

# Wuddle - WoW DLL Mods Manager

Wuddle is a desktop app that simplifies WoW DLL mods management, primarily for the Vanilla 1.12.1 client. 

A user-friendly app for installing DLL mods and keeping them up-to-date (checks for new Releases), Wuddle will also install companion addons if they're bundled with the DLL mod's download asset.

<img width="1120" height="805" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/698f2f7b-0c4b-49be-8aa3-177431fad1de" />


## Features

- **Multi-forge support:** GitHub, Codeberg, Gitea, GitLab
- **Quick Add** Provides easy installation of commonly used Vanilla 1.12 mods
- **Custom Git URL support:** Add any DLL mods from the aforementioned git forges not included in the Quick Add section
- **Companion Addons:** Installs companion addons when bundled in mod zip (i.e Interact, UnitXP_SP3)
- **Multi-instance/profile:** Add multiple WoW installs, each with its own tracked mod list
- **Manage `dlls.txt`:** Wuddle will update `dlls.txt` when adding, removing, or enabling/disabling mods
- **GitHub Token:** Optional GitHub auth token support to reduce anonymous API rate-limit issues

# Important Note (Anti-virus + SuperWoW)  
SuperWoW is known to cause false-positives in most anti-virus software.

Wuddle will show a warning before adding SuperWoW from Quick Add so users know to expect a false-positive appearing in their anti-virus software.  
This is not tied to the Quick Add or Wuddle itself, but rather an unavoidable issue for the time being, until SuperWoW stops triggering false-positives.

While Wuddle itself is not a malicious app of any kind, the actions it performs (downloading/removing/moving .dll files) appears suspicious from a malware scanner's perspective. 
I don't think I can ever make it not get at least a few false-positives or appearing suspicious to malware scanners.
Wuddle itself shouldn't trigger any warnings in Windows Defender unless SuperWoW is installed through it.  
This will make Defender or any other anti-virus software pinpoint Wuddle.exe as the culprit, since Wuddle is downloading and installing the client mod to your WoW directory.

## Supported Builds

- Linux: AppImage
- Windows: portable ZIP (`Wuddle.exe`, no installer)
